Marriage is a relationship in which one person is always right and the other is the husband!
We always hold hands. If I let go, she shops.
Marriage is when a man looses his bachelors degree and woman gets her masters degree.
and thats the bottom line because stone cold said so
sorry no tortillas
in your dreams pedro in your dreams
blood in blood out
The FitnessGram Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test
Madison is the best map ever
There are four animals. The fish, a snake, a fox and a bear 
MOKUMOKUMOKUMOKUMOKU
What weighs 20 pounds and is made of pumpkin spice? Sierralynn's ass
All Ts report to my blue circle
What is the capitol of Madison?
A person of African American descent absconded with my bicycle without my permission
GirlGam3rs.com
Deez nuts
Run Forrest, run!
Harambe
Omae Wa Mou Shindeiru
Mussolini
Heil Hitler
Life is like a box of chocolates
Is Dr.Jerry actually a doctor? hmmm.
Jesse PinkCunt Pana Kamanana
I voted for Trump.
Osama bin Obamacare
Bush knocked down the towers
Has Anyone Really Been Far Even as Decided to Use Even Go Want to do Look More Like?
Something about cuckolding
A plane didn't hit the pentagon (can we use punctuation marks?) 
Allahu Akbar
420 blaze it faggot
We survived Obama, you'll survive Trump
Botz is a reasonable individual
new phone, who dis?
Hey faggots, my name is John, and I hate every single one of you
Kissing your homies goodnight ain't gay
Free Martin Shkreli
I'm going to be editing this as i think of more
Gay Nigger From Outer Space
Hey guys, feel free to add me on snapchat, my username is xX_DrAgOnSlAyEr420_Xx.
Writing a list of random sentences isn't as easy as I thought it would be.
Walter's dad
My sister has two times as many boobs as I do.
Ching chong ling long
thank you come again
I didn't choose the gay life, the gay life chose me
56 years ago today, Barack Obama was born in Kendu Bay, Kenya
Full House Home Alone 3 starring Bob Faggot
you and me baby ain't nothing but mammals so lets do it like they do on the discovery channel
Yippee ki yay motherfucker!
Another orphan of a bankrupt culture who thinks he's John Wayne? Rambo? Marshal Dillon?
I'm here to chew bubble gum and eat ass, but my brazzers subscription expired
You are physically repulsive, intellectually retarded and you smell.
ban elzar 0 typingcontest
Foo is not racist
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
KFC and watermelon
you can milk anything with nipples
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
black lives splatter
do you guys have a veterans discount?
im pickle rick!
over here. you retard.
GET YOUR HANDS OFF MY PENIS
im the fonz! ayyy!
hey Cinderella go find yourself a fella
no pintos for you baby, nothing but Texas barbecue
do you smell what the rock is cooking?